Readme.md, before:

# StocksExample

Retrieving selected stock prices via nest.js backend and displaying in angular frontend
Data is taken via REST from Finnhub

# Setup & Run
replace `FINNHUB_API_KEY: "YOURKEYHERE"` in docker-compose.yml with proper API-Key

run `docker-compose up -d`

- Frontend at localhost:8080
- Backend/SwaggerUI at localhost:3000/api

# Project Outline
- set up as npm workspace
- libs/shared: shared DTOs between frontend end backend
- apps/frontend: angular frontend
- apps/backend: nest.js backend

# Docker Setup
- Base docker image in project root
- individual images for frontend and backend in their respective directories

# Stock Configuration
- the stocks provided can be configured using the stocks/stock-config.ts in the backend

# Mocking in Backend
- the backend can be started using a mock-stock provider using `start:dev_mock` to provide randomized data sets


# ADR

## Use REST with Finnhub API

### Status
Accepted

### Context
Finnhub provides a REST interface and a Websocket connection. 
Websockets allow the subscription of all trades per Stock.

### Decision
Only use the Rest interface.

### Consequences
- Polling the REST interface at intervals is necessary to keep price info up to date
- Only one interface has to be implemented (REST is needed anyway for market status)
- No calculations are necessary to retrieve the actual current price

## Provide collections of values via rest

### Status
Accepted

### Context
The frontend could poll single values via REST from the backend and combine those 
via Observables (scan) or get complete collections (last hour at most) from the backend

### Decision
Backend delivers collection of values

### Consequence
- Frontend does not need to store data 
- Less complicated solution when additional stocks are selected
( No unnecessary polling from frontend of unselected stocks, no special handling for missing values in charts)
- Calculation of time based averages less 'observable based' and more complex (instead of scan / bufferTime)

Commit message:

added note to us markets opening hours

Readme.md, after:

# StocksExample

Retrieving selected stock prices via nest.js backend and displaying in angular frontend
Data is taken via REST from Finnhub. Data is retrieved from us stocks, so live data will only 
be available during us markets buisness hours.

# Setup & Run
replace `FINNHUB_API_KEY: "YOURKEYHERE"` in docker-compose.yml with proper API-Key

run `docker-compose up -d`

- Frontend at localhost:8080
- Backend/SwaggerUI at localhost:3000/api

# Project Outline
- set up as npm workspace
- libs/shared: shared DTOs between frontend end backend
- apps/frontend: angular frontend
- apps/backend: nest.js backend

# Docker Setup
- Base docker image in project root
- individual images for frontend and backend in their respective directories

# Stock Configuration
- the stocks provided can be configured using the stocks/stock-config.ts in the backend

# Mocking in Backend
- the backend can be started using a mock-stock provider using `start:dev_mock` to provide randomized data sets


# ADR

## Use REST with Finnhub API

### Status
Accepted

### Context
Finnhub provides a REST interface and a Websocket connection. 
Websockets allow the subscription of all trades per Stock.

### Decision
Only use the Rest interface.

### Consequences
- Polling the REST interface at intervals is necessary to keep price info up to date
- Only one interface has to be implemented (REST is needed anyway for market status)
- No calculations are necessary to retrieve the actual current price

## Provide collections of values via rest

### Status
Accepted

### Context
The frontend could poll single values via REST from the backend and combine those 
via Observables (scan) or get complete collections (last hour at most) from the backend

### Decision
Backend delivers collection of values

### Consequence
- Frontend does not need to store data 
- Less complicated solution when additional stocks are selected
( No unnecessary polling from frontend of unselected stocks, no special handling for missing values in charts)
- Calculation of time based averages less 'observable based' and more complex (instead of scan / bufferTime)
